Hopfield Networks
HN's are recurrent neural Networks(it contains clycles but not self loop) It designed for Associative
memory or Solving optimization problems. There is no hidden layer inside of HN's. Each neuron connected
all other nueron in network except itself. The conneciton weights are symentric for example Neuron A to B 
weight is equal to as B to A connection 

There are 2 layer, these are input and output layer, Input funciton of each neuron is weighted sum of all
input data from other neurons. The activation function of each neuron is treshold function. Otput function
is itdentitiy funciton which means that calculated result equal to output.

Convergence
It is recurrent neural network behavior of network depends on update order of network neurons. It can be
sequential or synchronous. synchronous lead to osilation we can not find optimal result direcly,
If it is sequential(one after one), stable state is reached always reached in finite number of step.

Assocative memory
HN is easily use Assocative memory, which means it can find stored memories based on their content
when you give it pattern it checks if the pattern matches a stored one even pattern has a noise.
This works becasue the network has stable state. The weights and tresholds help the network to recognize
the pattern by making them stable

Solving Optimization problems
We can use the energy funciton of Hopfield networks to solve optimization problem. To do this, we convert
the problem as a energy function. Setup right weights and tresholds and then update the network until
reachs the stable state. Each stable state represents a local minimum of the optimizaiton problem.
However it cannot complex moves. This means that the solution we already find is only a local minimum.

Simulated annelaing
We can stuck on local minimum of the problem, Simulated annelaing hepls in this step. Simulated annelaing
is accept worse solution for finding better solution in the future.If a new slution is better accept it,
However if it is worse, accept that depends on temperature parameter. This parameter decrease over time.
It is inspired from cooling of Metal and it is increasing the chance of finding a better overall 
solution 

